Assignment 0 (#3)
LaunchCodeEducation/csharp-web-dev-curriculum: content/assignments/hello-world/start-coding.md

---
title: "Task 3: Start Coding"
date: 2023-01-05T09:57:32-06:00
draft: false
weight: 3
originalAuthor: Courtney  # to be set by page creator
originalAuthorGitHub: speudusa # to be set by page creator
reviewer: Kimberly # to be set by the page reviewer
reviewerGitHub: codinglikeagirl42 # to be set by the page reviewer
lastEditor: Courtney # update any time edits are made after review
lastEditorGitHub: speudusa # update any time edits are made after review
lastMod: copy edits and links for the debugger added, created separate page for this section
---

> ##  Your Task: 

Reviewer: I find this heading odd, what about,
```suggestion
##  Update the `SayHello()` Method: 
```

Author: What if I drop the title in this section and they dive straight into the task?

> Make the program print out the string `Hello, World!`. Edit the code in the `SayHelloClass` class, within the `SayHello()` method. Verify your code with the auto-grading tests. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
According to the tests we just ran, we expected the string `Hello, World!` to be printed. Edit the code in the `SayHelloClass` class, within the `SayHello()` method to reflect this. Verify your code with the auto-grading tests. 
```

  {{% notice orange "Warning" "rocket" %}}
   The auto-grading tests are VERY exacting. A difference of a single character will result in a failed test. The tests are also case-sensitive. You’ll need to pay attention to detail to correctly complete your assignments.
  {{% /notice %}}

### Recommended Resources for Debugging Code in Visual Studio

Visual Studio has a built-in Debugger feature to help you troubleshoot your code.  We will explore it more in later chapters.  However, if you want to read through the guides and try things out early, you may find that this is a wonderful tool and skill-set to develop.

- [How to debug for absolute beginners](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/visualstudio/debugger/debugging-absolute-beginners?view=vs-2022&tabs=csharp)
- **Windows Users:** [Tutorial: Learn to debug C# code using Visual Studio](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/visualstudio/get-started/csharp/tutorial-debugger?toc=%2Fvisualstudio%2Fdebugger%2Ftoc.json&view=vs-2022#start-the-debugger)
- **Mac Uses:** [Debugging with Visual Studio for Mac](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/visualstudio/mac/debugging?view=vsmac-2022)

> ### Next Steps

Reviewer: Not a fan of the Next Steps header.

Author: removed
